If let else mutex (#5332)
rust-lang/rust-clippy: doc/adding_lints.md

Please note that, we should run `TESTNAME=foo_functions cargo uitest`
every time before running `tests/ui/update-all-references.sh`.
Running `TESTNAME=foo_functions cargo uitest` should pass then. When we commit
our lint, we need to commit the generated `.stderr` files, too. In general you

> should only commit changed files by `tests/ui/update-all-references.sh` for the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
should only commit files changed by `tests/ui/update-all-references.sh` for the
```

> our lint, we need to commit the generated `.stderr` files, too. In general you
> should only run `tests/ui/update-all-references.sh` for the specific lint you are
> creating/editing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
our lint, we need to commit the generated `.stderr` files, too. In general you
should only commit changed files by `tests/ui/update-all-references.sh` for 
the specific lint you are creating/editing.
```
